# Brief documentation of the tactics in the Hahn library

## Tactics to solve a goal

- `done` solves trivial goals (adapted from SSReflect).
- `edone` solves trivial goals with `eassumption` or `done`.
- `by tac` is a shorthand for `tac; done`.
- `eby tac` is a shorthand for `tac; edone`.
- `vauto` tries to solve the goal by up to two nested econstructor calls.
- `basic_solver` solves simple goals containing relational operators.

## Generic simplification tactics

- `simpls` is shorthand for `simpl in *; try done`.
- `ins` is shorthand for `intros; simpls`.
- `clarify` simplifies the goal by simple injections/rewrites.
- `clarsimp` is similar, but also does a few further rewrites.
- `clarassoc` does further rewrites with associativity lemmas.
- `desc` destructs conjunctions and existentials in hypotheses.
- `des` also destructs disjunctions.
- `desf` also performs case splits on conditionals/matches.
- `des_eqrefl` simplifies weird-looking dependent matches generated by `Program`.

## Specialized simplification tactics

- `in_simp` simplifies `In x list` assumptions.
- `rels` simplifies goals with relational operators.
- `relsf` also does case splits.

## Forward reasoning 
 
- `forward eapply H [with ...] as Name` generates subgoals for all the premises of `H`;
  the final subgoal names the conclusion of `H` as `Name`.
- `exploit H` is similar to `forward eapply H` (adapted from CompCert, deprecated).

## Backward reasoning 

- `splits` repeatedly applies `split` to conjunctions.
- `hahn_frame`/`hahn_frame_l`/`hahn_frame_r` try to apply the frame rule on goals with relational operators.

## Rewriting support for relations

- `hahn_rewrite H` rewrites with a relational inclusion/equivalence lemma
- `seq_rewrite H` rewrites with an equivalence lemma up to associativity of `seq`
- `sin_rewrite H` rewrites with an inclusion lemma up to associativity of `seq`
- `arewrite EQ` generates a subgoal to prove `EQ` and seq/sin-rewrites with `EQ`
- `arewrite_false term` is shorthand for `arewrite (term ≡ ∅₂)`
- `arewrite_id term` is shorthand for `arewrite (term ⊆ ⦗fun _ => True⦘)`
- `case_union x y` case splits on relations of the form `_ ⨾ (x ∪ y) ⨾ _`
